2
create input A
create input B
create input C
create input D
create NOTGate NA
create NOTGate NB
create NOTGate NC
create NOTGate ND
wire A NA
wire B NB
wire C NC
wire D ND
create ORGate abcnd
create ORGate anbcd
create ORGate nanbcnd
create ORGate nabncnd
wire A abcnd
wire B abcnd
wire C abcnd
wire ND abcnd
wire A anbcd
wire NB anbcd
wire C anbcd
wire D anbcd
wire NA nanbcnd
wire NB nanbcnd
wire C nanbcnd
wire ND nanbcnd
wire NA nabncnd
wire B nabncnd
wire NC nabncnd
wire ND nabncnd
create ORGate anbcnd
create ORGate nanbd
create ORGate nancnd
create ORGate nbncd
wire A anbcnd
wire NB anbcnd
wire C anbcnd
wire ND anbcnd
wire NA nanbd
wire NB nanbd
wire D nanbd
wire NA nancnd
wire NC nancnd
wire ND nancnd
wire NB nbncd
wire NC nbncd
wire D nbncd
create ORGate abncd
create ORGate nanbcd
create ORGate nanbnc
wire A abncd
wire B abncd
wire NC abncd
wire D abncd
wire NA nanbcd
wire NB nanbcd
wire C nanbcd
wire D nanbcd
wire NA nanbnc
wire NB nanbnc
wire NC nanbnc
create ORGate anbncnd
create ORGate nabncd
wire A anbncnd
wire NB anbncnd
wire NC anbncnd
wire ND anbncnd
wire NA nabncd
wire B nabncd
wire NC nabncd
wire D nabncd
create ORGate anbc
create ORGate and
create ORGate bcnd
wire A anbc
wire NB anbc
wire C anbc
wire A and
wire ND and
wire B bcnd
wire C bcnd
wire ND bcnd
create ORGate abnd
create ORGate abnc
create ORGate ancnd
wire A abnd
wire B abnd
wire ND abnd
wire A abnc
wire B abnc
wire NC abnc
wire A ancnd
wire NC ancnd
wire ND ancnd
create ORGate abc
wire A abc
wire B abc
wire C abc
create ANDGate top
create ANDGate lefttop
create ANDGate righttop
create ANDGate middle
create ANDGate leftdown
create ANDGate rightdown
create ANDGate down
create ORGate nbncnd
wire NB nbncnd
wire NC nbncnd
wire ND nbncnd
wire abcnd top
wire anbcd top
wire nanbcnd top
wire nabncnd top
wire abnd lefttop
wire abnc lefttop
wire ancnd lefttop
wire nanbcnd lefttop
wire anbcnd righttop
wire nanbd righttop
wire nancnd righttop
wire nbncd righttop
wire abc middle
wire anbncnd middle
wire nanbcd middle
wire and leftdown
wire anbc leftdown
wire bcnd leftdown
wire abncd rightdown
wire nanbcd rightdown
wire nanbnc rightdown
wire abcnd down
wire anbcd down
wire nbncnd down
wire nabncd down
create output a
create output b
create output c
create output d
create output e
create output f
create output g
wire top a
wire righttop b
wire rightdown c
wire down d
wire leftdown e
wire lefttop f
wire middle g
draw 74LS48
